hey what's up guys is Dan didn't hear on
PVE giving you guys the first look on
bail cause so vel Koz is a new AP mid
champion that riot is gonna release soon
let me just go through his abilities and
I can talk more about them later so his
first ability is organic the
construction vest is passive what it
does is I sort of like veins silver
bolts after three hits of an ability it
procs true damage instead of auto
attacking you have to land abilities
cool thing is you have seven seconds to
keep the stack going if you don't land
an ability within seven seconds you can
keep the auto attack on the enemy to
keep the stacks going as well it does a
25 base damage plus 10 per level so
that's 35 to damage I level 1 45 to
damage a level 2 55 at three so on and
so forth this next ability is called
plasma fission and sends out a plasma
bolt and then at the end of it it splits
off it shoots two balls or two bolts
perpendicular to the line that you shot
it so at a 90 degree angle so let me
just demonstrate it really quick cool
thing about that ability also is you can
activate it at any time along that line
so it can explode early so you can hit
targets at weird angles hey I just
activate it halfway through another cool
thing about the ability is it also blows
up on collision see as soon as it hits
new knew it blew up and they shot out
sideways the next ability the W is
called boy drift what it does is it
sends out a rift in a straight line it
does initial damage on the first tick
and then it does another ticket damage
that's much more powerful on the second
one I think of it as like Malachi is
sapling it's harder to hit the second
tick but it does a lot more damage a
third ability is called tectonic
disruption it sends out a circular nuke
and wherever it hits target it doesn't
matter where it's gonna knock the enemy
away from you so if I hit new new even
if it's beyond him it's still gonna
knock them away from me it doesn't
matter where on the circle it hits it's
still going to knock the enemy away from
you follow the last ball is called life
form disintegration ray what it does is
it sends out array in a straight line it
hits all the target along the line for
2.5 seconds and then can move the cursor
and then I'll follow your cursor it
moves a little bit slow so you should be
on target upon casting it cool thing
about the life-form disintegration ray
is that prox your passive five times so
if you can land one ability that means
you can proc to passive at level seven
right now it would mean that would do 95
times 2 in true damage so about a
hundred and ninety-two damage at level
seven
so that's my whole it sends out laser
beam and it blows people so cuz I saw
least coming I slowed him so it makes it
a lot easier for at least up makes a lot
easier for ELISA Lam her abilities if
you notice gravis had his W on but since
I land through abilities on them my
passive profit I just hit both loads of
damage on him
I can throw it like this and shoot it to
the side too so you can always angle and
Lane is really good I can angle and lame
and shoot it does is this perpendicular
if you're good at angles you can shoot
at people at weird angles and they're
not gonna know what hit the like right
here he's running that angle so I I know
I can still hit up
oh my god damage combo I knocked them
both up in the air so I landed a W and I
just first them super hard alright so
what's the final verdict on vel Koz I
think right now he's a little too strong
his problem with being too strong as his
mana cost is too low his human w which
is very spammable is on a really short
cooldown the mana cost of ranking ones
only 50 and it's only 5 mana stealing a
per level and it gets exponentially
stronger as you rank it up and so there
I can definitely see some adjustments in
that area so with the high base damage
that vel Koz has the spam ability and
the low mana cost I can see him being a
big bully in a lot of aspects of the
game in terms of like seeing or being a
bully in lane so you may see some number
adjustments other than that I think vel
Koz is insanely fun to play he has a lot
of new mechanics with the 90-degree
angle on the q the double proc on the W
and adding that silver bolt component
like van makes it kind of interesting
and makes it so you have incentive to do
auto attacks on the enemy so I think
that's an interesting way of teaching
people to throw an auto attacks in
between spell cats as well and yeah I
think they'll cause is really fun and
interesting and new and that's pretty
much it for this video thanks for
watching I hope you guys enjoyed it and
leave me any type of comments on how I
can improve in what you guys want to see
next